
# RiyadhSouq App
RiyadhSouq is a test app during Kodeco bootcamp for iOS, built using SwiftUI. It offers users the ability to browse and purchase a wide range of products, manage their shopping cart, and utilize promotional codes to obtain discounts. The app's responsive design ensures a seamless shopping experience, enhancing user engagement through a well-organized product display and efficient navigation.


## Features

- Product Browsing: View a list of products, complete with detailed descriptions and images.
- Detailed Product Views: Each product can be clicked on to reveal further details and additional images, which users can swipe through.
- Shopping Cart Management: Users can add items to their cart, remove them, or adjust quantities. The cart view also supports promotional codes for discounts.
- Automatic Promotions: Apply promotional codes directly within the shopping cart to receive immediate discounts.
- Persistent Data: The app caches product data locally to reduce load times and improve the user experience during subsequent visits.


## Installation

    Clone the repository
    
## Usage

Upon launching, the app presents a splash screen while it loads the data. Once loaded, users are greeted with a main tab view that includes:

Products Tab: Browse all products and select any to view more details.
Cart Tab: View all items added to the cart and proceed to checkout.

Adding Products to Cart
- Select a product to open its detail view, then add it to your cart using the provided interface.

Applying Promo Codes
- Within the cart view, enter a valid promo code to apply a discount to your total purchase price.


## Running Tests

The app includes a suite of unit tests to ensure the functionality related to cart calculations operates as expected. These tests can be run directly within Xcode to validate the logic used for calculating totals and applying discounts.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to improve the RiyadhSouq app, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your proposed changes.
## License

It's a free app, you can use it for any purpose.
## API Reference

Platzi Fake Store API can be used with any type of project that needs products, users, categories, authentication, and users in JSON format. You can use this API for prototyping e-commerce and learning about how to connect to an API with the best practices.

This API includes features like:

    ✅ All CRUD Operations
    ✅ REST API
    ✅ GraphQL
    ✅ Pagination
    ✅ Auth with JWT
    ✅ Upload Files
    ✅ Filter products by category, title and price range
    ✅ Create users and check to see if they already exist
    ✅ Postman and Insomnia files
    ✅ Product images generated by AI

Get all products

You can access the list of 200 products by using the /products endpoint.

Request:

    [GET] https://api.escuelajs.co/api/v1/products

Response:

    [
    {
        "id": 4,
        "title": "Handmade Fresh Table",
        "price": 687,
        "description": "Andy shoes are designed to keeping in...",
        "category": {
        "id": 5,
        "name": "Others",
        "image": "https://placeimg.com/640/480/any?r=0.591926261873231"
        },
        "images": [
        "https://placeimg.com/640/480/any?r=0.9178516507833767",
        "https://placeimg.com/640/480/any?r=0.9300320592588625",
        "https://placeimg.com/640/480/any?r=0.8807778235430017"
        ]
    }
    // ...
    ]

## Demo



